## Business settings & Problem Overview
G-Research is one of the leading quantitative finance research firm around the world, their daily tasks are analyzing upon data and solving biggest questions in finance. They also pair their expertise with machine learning, big data, and some of the most advanced technology available to predict movements in the financial markets. One of the research area they are focusing on is cryptocurrencies, the most popular intangible investment recently, however is widely considered to be volatile. There are over $40 billion worth of cryptocurrencies are traded every day, fast fluctuating prices and increasing prevalence have made people even more obsessed with the crypto market. As a result, for financial research company such as G-Research, it is definitely a potential market for them to dive deeper into the area. One essential question might pop up “Could some of these cryptocurrencies price movements been predicted in advance?” Following this research path, we want to build machine learning model to help predict the future trends of prices using real crypto market data.
## Importing Data & Exploratory Data Analysis
## Feature Engineering and Data Preprocessing
In order to improve and optimize our machine learning model, we researched several important indexes in the investment market and added into our data frame using get_features function we created. Adding features include upper shadow, lower shadow,  difference between close price and open price, difference between the highest price and the lowest price, mean of all the prices, the highest price divided by the mean we obtained, and some possibly seasonality and date time features.
## Model Building
